Insert the docker-compose.yml file (#60)
sigalei/sigalei-stack: api/README.md

## Sigalei Backend Stack of our application

## Contents
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Commit Rules](#commit-rules)

## DOCKER SETUP

> You need of the Docker and Docker Compose instaled and configured in your computer. For more details of the how to install and configure docker, please, follow the oficial documentation: [https://docs.docker.com/install](https://docs.docker.com/install)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need Docker and Docker Compose installed and configured in your computer. For more details about how to install and configure docker, please, follow the oficial documentation: [https://docs.docker.com/install](https://docs.docker.com/install)
```

> Follow the below steps do startup all needed services of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to startup all needed services of the application.
```
